Hi, I'm Isabel. I'm a software engineer, and today we're going to get Quarto set up on your computer.
You'll start out by going to quarto.org, click on Get Started on their homepage, and download the Quarto CLI tool.
In VS Code, you'll create a new file and name it whatever you want with .qmd at the end.
I'd also recommend downloading the Quarto extension in VS Code.
It gives you buttons to click to preview your files and syntax highlighting and a lot of other nice stuff.
Once we're back in our file, we're gonna have to specify a output format.
Let's start out by just creating an HTML web page. This will be great for publishing, reports, or whatever else we want to share.
We're just gonna create a few headings. We'll say hello. We'll add some Python code, and let's press Preview.
If Quarto generates HTML, we see right in VS Code, or I can pop it out and look at it as a local website.
To change from a website to a presentation, I change the format from HTML to reveal.js and press Preview again.